Add unique index documentation (#43853)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/syntax/_includes/index_grammar_explanation.md

    * `GLOBAL` — an index implemented as a separate table or set of tables. Synchronous updates to such an index require distributed transactions.  
    * `LOCAL` — a local index within a shard of a row-oriented or column-oriented table. Does not require distributed transactions for updates, but does not provide pruning during search.

* `<index_name>` — a unique name of the index that will be used to access data.
* `SYNC/ASYNC` — the index synchronization mode.

    * `SYNC` — a [synchronous](../../../../concepts/query_execution/secondary_indexes.md#sync) index. This is the default value.
    * `ASYNC` — an [asynchronous](../../../../concepts/query_execution/secondary_indexes.md#async) index.

> * `UNIQUE` — required to create a [unique index](../../../../concepts/query_execution/secondary_indexes.md#unique). A unique index must always be created as global and synchronous (`GLOBAL UNIQUE SYNC`) and have no `index_type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<index_name>` — a unique name of the index that will be used to access data.
* `UNIQUE` — required to create a [unique index](../../../../concepts/query_execution/secondary_indexes.md#unique). A unique index must always be created as global and synchronous (`GLOBAL UNIQUE SYNC`) and must not specify a `USING <index_type>` clause.
* `SYNC/ASYNC` — the index synchronization mode.

    * `SYNC` — a [synchronous](../../../../concepts/query_execution/secondary_indexes.md#sync) index. This is the default value.
    * `ASYNC` — an [asynchronous](../../../../concepts/query_execution/secondary_indexes.md#async) index.

```
